Anthony, Shane, welcome to Talk Python to Me.
Hey, how are you?
I'm doing well. It's great to have you here.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm excited to talk about this,
re-envisioning how Python works on Azure
as a developer story that you all are working on.
It looks, from the really quick preview I've seen,
it looks really exciting. You must be excited to share it.
>> Yeah, it's been an adventure to figure out what's
the fastest way to get a developer up and running on
Azure and in the Cloud without
having to learn a whole set of new things.
That's the goal here.
>> Sure. Shane, you and I,
when we first started talking,
we were reminiscing back to Azure in
the early days when there were only a couple of services.
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
- Yeah, back in Silverlight.
- You ran on Silverlight.
Silverlight, oh my goodness.
- Right.
- Those were the days.
What was that, 2008-ish?
Maybe a little earlier even?
- Yeah, that sounds about right.
Yeah, we had Silverlight.
I think we had three actual products,
and this is long before I started at Microsoft,
and SQL Server was its own portal.
So it had its own little space,
and now we're like, I don't know,
well over 100 different things that we can do
the portal. Yeah, I don't know how many folks who are listening have actually
gone to the portal and pulled it up and sort of just browsed it, but between
Azure and AWS it's just like a paradox of choice.
There's just layers of "oh my gosh the screen is full of icons, I opened up
one and that was a subsection of now we have like deploy features that fill the
screen." It's quite the challenge to get up and going, right?
Yeah, yeah, I think if you ask any web developer,
"Hey, you've got code, how do you run this on the cloud?"
And it's like, it depends truly takes full meaning, you know, when it comes to that.
And, you know, before it was, you know, maybe it was just a slider bar for scaling, right?
Like, "Oh, I want maybe two or three."
And now it's like, "Oh, well, it's based on CPU and this and how the moon is moving."
And there's just so many different ways
that we can scale a web app or any part of our architecture
now.
- Yeah, and so many areas in which the pressure might
be exerted that it needs to scale rather than just CPU
and CPU RAM.
Before we get to it, though, just quick introduction for you.
I guess, Anthony, people know you.
You've been on the show so many times.
It's fantastic to have you back.
- Yeah, it's great to be here again.
- Yeah, for sure.
It's always good to have you on the show.
And when you're not on the show, we're
often talking about you, about some project
that you're doing, some pet that lives in your IDE
or some comic sans font you're using,
and all sorts of fun things.
- Yeah, rumors of a golden jacket somewhere.
- Yeah, I didn't realize how close you were
to the golden jacket.
That's amazing.
We're gonna have to work on that.
So just give us a quick catch up
and then Shane can introduce yourself.
What have you been up to?
- Anthony. - Have we spoken?
Yeah, Anthony, have we spoken
since you moved to Microsoft?
think we have, I'm not 100% sure, but let's assume we haven't. Tell people about what
you're up to these days.
Yeah, so I'm kind of working on advocating for Python within Microsoft and then working
on advocating Python outside of Microsoft as well. So I'm still doing a lot of open
source work, but then within Microsoft, I guess, trying to integrate Python more into
our products and stuff like that, and also get the Python community and things like that
more into how we work and find out more about how Python is being used across the company
and how we can do better as well.
So I've been focused on performance and security.
They're kind of two things I'm always interested in, but also like modern Python applications
and how they kind of come into play as well.
So yeah, so many things I couldn't possibly list them all over the last year.
The first year, I've been in Microsoft for over a year now.
And I made a list and it was like 50 things
I think I'd done in the first year.
But yeah, it's been a whirlwind, but really fun.
- It has.
And you just came back from PyCon.
I wanna give us a quick report from being on the scene.
Did I see you on the big screen,
big stage giving a talk there?
- Yeah, it's my first time doing that.
That was fun.
- Congratulations.
- Yeah, it's terrifying.
Yeah, I gave a short update
on behalf of Microsoft.
I was also on the diversity and inclusion,
I'm on the diversity and inclusion work group at the PSF.
And we had like a panel discussion on the stage.
And then I also gave a talk, like a full talk.
- What was your talk on?
- It was on performance anti-patterns and--
- Yeah, and that's from your Perf Lint project?
- Yeah, so I basically gave background
to the performance linter project that I've been working on
and what things I'm looking for in code
and why they slow it down.
And then just trying to demonstrate
what the difference is to people on 3.9 or 3.10.
So like a simple one line code change
can make 60% difference.
- Yeah, it's incredible.
- In terms of how quickly the code runs.
- And then you can get into the debate again
with people that no, list comprehensions are just loops.
They don't make it any faster.
You're like, okay, can we run the benchmarks again
and let's have another?
- Yes, that's great.
That's good work.
Last thing, what's the status of Perfluent?
Is it a thing people are using already?
Is it still under development?
- Yeah, it's definitely very early beta.
It raises a lot of false positives at the moment,
but it's raised some really interesting things
on production code bases that I've run it against.
So for example, our serverless platform is Azure Functions.
That's all, the Python serverless is all written in Python
and it uses gRPC for communication.
So I'm actually running the performance linter
against that code base to look at ways
that we can make it faster.
And there's a list of stuff that I'm working through
with the engineering team.
So yeah, trying to put that to proof
instead of just making it theoretical.
- That's a really good test case actually.
And performance, if you can improve performance
of the fabric of the cloud, then you've
made it better for everyone, right?
- Yeah, so there's a couple of loops I was looking at,
which probably get executed hundreds of millions
of times a day.
So I'm like, okay, well if I can improve that by 10%,
then that's gonna make a big difference.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Awesome.
Well, it seems like you're having a good time there.
I'm happy to see you've found a new home.
- Yeah, definitely.
- Yeah, indeed.
Shane, welcome.
Welcome to the show.
Tell people about yourself.
- Thanks, it's a hard act to follow.
- I know.
- I did perfect my last job,
so I appreciate any perfect improvements.
So, yeah, I said I've been at Microsoft now six years.
It'll be six years in the summer,
so in about a month or so.
And it feels like some days it's six days,
some days it feels like 60 days.
Others it's 60 years.
Yeah, what do I do at Microsoft?
I run an end-to-end and developer experiences team.
for Azure inside of DevDiv.
We do work closely with Anthony and other folks on his team too
around just finding out what is hard about running Python
and the other languages on Azure,
on our tools, VS Code, Visual Studio,
and how to get your code on the Cloud,
and all the things that come along with it,
everything from Docs to the actual components,
the services and what's that full story and kind of where are those pain points and then,
you know, working with those service teams to find out, you know, what makes sense to you,
what feels, you know, feels like, you know, a Python developer should feel, you know.
One of the early things that Anthony brought forward was, these are great, these, it's great
that we have logs, but it's not how I want to see logs, right? So I think that, you know,
that makes sense. And that's the, again, like you talked earlier, that's the fabric of,
you know, a developer. Like I want to, when something goes wrong, we want to fix, you know,
fix what it should look like so I can find that problem fast. And those are the types of things
that we dig into and report up and help solve on our team. - Yeah, there's this story of when Scott
Guthrie was put in charge of Azure. Scott Guthrie being the guy at Microsoft who was really
responsible for a lot of the developer experience and took a bunch of the people on the team and
had them all sit down and say, okay, get an app on Azure. And it was apparently a real struggle.
A lot of people didn't succeed. And it was like, this is the problem. We need to fix this. And I
think that made it a lot better in some ways, but it sounds to me like you're kind of doing a
microcosm of that with Python with the two of you. - Yeah. Yeah. And we do it for many, you know,
for every type of developer, every language stack in Python is important to us. For the very reasons
that Anthony mentioned, some of our core components are actually written in Python.
We appreciate that part of what we're doing and how those applications are written. And again,
the perf, that's a very classic story that you bring up because it's often referenced and
Probably a core reason why my team exists now does because we still have, you know, we have to solve those problems.
Yeah, sure. Well, it's like we said, it's fabric, right? And if the fabric is scratchy or itchy, you don't want to wear it. And that's, that's a really big problem, right? You want to make this as smooth and seamless for people to get it right, without bouncing off the walls too badly.
For sure.
- For sure.
Now, we're gonna talk about this project
that you all are working on, which is super exciting
about structuring Python applications
and deploying them to Azure.
Before we do, though, there's some other interesting folks
working with you at Microsoft these days,
a lot of core developers.
Microsoft's doing a lot of stuff with Python these days
in terms of the number of core developers.
I mean, obviously, taking over GitHub
is like a big step into the whole open source steps
that you're all taking, but you know,
the sort of the direct contribution to Python
is super interesting.
And the most significant one, I guess,
that we could talk about is, when was this?
A little while ago, we had this big announcement
that back in 2018, Gita Van Rossum retires as BDFL.
And that was it, right?
The steering council was created.
Governance thing was up in the air,
but then figured out and seems to be really nailed.
And then hung out at home for a while.
COVID hit, you couldn't really travel, do too much.
It's like, you know what?
I kind of want to go back and do some interesting stuff.
So now Python creator Guido van Rossum joins Microsoft
and talk to him about that some and whatnot.
But still very interesting.
You guys are working with him.
Most recently I spoke to him and Mark Shannon
about the Shannon plan and making CPython five times faster.
So, Anthony, you wanna give us sort of an update
on the stuff you see going on?
I know you might not be directly involved, but.
- Yeah, we were actually testing
and doing some of the PyCon.
So some other Microsoft booths,
so the team that they're talking about,
So Guido, Mark Shannon, there's now seven people on that team.
All core developers are working full-time, apart from Guido, Guido's part-time, but all
the others working full-time on the Shannon plan and a whole bunch of other concepts.
And what they're doing is basically making changes to CPython core to make it faster,
targeting Python 3.11, which will be out in October this year, 3.12 and 3.13, some of
the ideas are actually penciled for 3.13.
- Right, this is like a five-year plan
that Mark had laid out of,
if we could make it 1.5x better each year,
compounding is good, and we'll get fast.
- Yeah, exactly.
So some of the fruits of that are actually coming out
in 3.11.
So we were actually doing some live benchmarks
and stuff at PyCon on different workloads
and things like that.
I'm seeing 25% performance gain
on most workloads, which is awesome.
And in some cases up to 60%.
So it depends very much on what your workload is.
But yeah, that's 3.11.
But I think some of the bigger changes are coming in 3.12.
So basically, there's a core team of people
working full time now on CPython itself.
And not a fork of CPython.
They're working directly on CPython.
- Right, as amazing as the stuff
that was done over at say like Cinder and Instagram, right?
Really interesting stuff, but it was kind of like,
we forked it, here's a sort of interesting thing we built,
take it or leave it, take some ideas, off it goes.
It's really different to say, we're like,
the next time you just, you know,
apt upgrade or brew upgrade your Python,
it just gets better, chocolatey upgrade,
however you do it, right?
- Yeah, definitely.
So yeah, the 3.11 changes already,
I think are going to benefit everybody.
And getting people onto the newest version of Python
is definitely going to help everyone in the long term anyway
because it's got a list of other cool features.
- It's pretty remarkable that after 30 years
you can make one of these big step changes
of that significant of a performance improvement.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah, it's great to have a dedicated team working on this, but I mean, they're not the
only people working on it.
There are engineers from all over and other core developers working on contributions and
stuff like that.
But it's good that we can sponsor a full-time team to work just on this specific area.
So Guido is kind of coordinating that.
And then a lot of the ideas come from Mark Shannon's plan that was in the podcast last
year.
Do you know any of the story around the no-gill type of stuff?
Yeah, there was more.
There was sub-interpreters, there was Sam Gross's actual no-gill stuff.
Yeah, there was actually an open space at PyCon on that specific topic and performance
in general.
And Sam Gross is there as well as the Cinder team,
the team that works on Pyrodide
and a lot of other core developers.
And that was discussed in detail.
I know that from what I've heard,
I think Sam Gross is still working on his Noguil branch
and trying to break it down into smaller chunks
that can be merged,
like smaller pieces that can be merged individually.
'Cause there's quite a number of changes
in order to get that whole thing done,
but it's still carrying on.
I guess it's 'cause it was targeted against
what was now an older version of Python,
then as Python continues to--
- Right, 3.8 or something like that, yeah.
- Yeah, so Syndia I think was 3.8
and they're trying to get it to 3.9,
but yeah, as Python continues to march forward,
it gets harder and harder to upstream those things.
- Yeah, still very exciting.
So the reason I ask is,
The work that Guido and Mark and team are doing
is sort of orthogonal to that no-gill work, right?
Like this is, a lot of stuff he's working on
is just make it run faster single core.
And then if you could unlock it for multi-core
and each core, like it's a really nice
multiplicative thing.
You could easily see Python 20, 40 times faster.
If you could say, well, you can scale it across 10 cores
and it got four times faster.
- Yeah, so Eric's still working on his sub-interpreters.
Mark is conceptually looking through a JIT specification
and they're working through specialized compilation
as well at the moment, which is partially coming out
in 3.11, but then more of that coming out in 3.12.
So yeah, it's gonna just leaps and bounds,
I think is in terms of performance difference.
- That's so exciting.
Last thing to ask on this topic
and then we'll get to the main topic.
Pigeon, Pigeon is somewhere involved
in this performance thing.
your JIT thing that we've had you on the show before
to speak about and stuff.
Is that involved in any way
or is it sort of a parallel story?
- Yeah, I'm sharing some of that with the team.
So things that I learned in Pigeon that worked,
what made a difference, and especially in the JIT,
like where there were gains to be made.
My desire really is that the learnings from Pigeon
can be part of the future of CPython
and then Pigeon isn't required.
So if CPython gets its own JIT,
and if some of the other stuff that Pigeon could do
was part of CPython, then I think that's a win-win
'cause you don't have to install something separately.
If you just get the performance gains out of the box,
then that's a win for everyone.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Oh, that's really encouraging
to hear all those improvements coming.
Awesome, thanks.
- Well, let's start off our conversation here
by just talking about deploying to the cloud, right?
I mean, your goal really is to make deploying to Azure
awesome, but let's just take a step back
and talk about deploying to the cloud.
When people talk about deployment,
well, let's just say they have a fast API,
Flash Django, whatever app, it has a database,
they've developed it.
And usually it's a huge gap to go from,
well, I got it to work on my machine
using SQLite and the tutorial.
Now I need it to run.
And they all said, well, you need to learn about SSL
and servers and Nginx and all these things.
Like, whoa, whoa, whoa, I don't even know Linux.
This is like a big step to take.
All right, so how do you guys, Shane,
how do you think about sort of the spectrum of options
and how people are doing it.
- Yeah, it's interesting because,
when you're creating that on your own machine,
that's the environment, right?
That you have to worry about.
And even when we are deploying to on-prem machines,
at least we could walk over and touch the,
for you rack that was there.
We knew kind of what it was running on.
- Right, and a lot of times you plugged into,
somebody had a database for you.
you ask them to create the database.
- Right.
- They ask you, you plead for a database to be set up
and they give you a connection string
and then that's that, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
And here's your connection string and you're on your way.
I think the thought of now is,
how do I set this?
How do I provision it?
How do I deploy my code to the stuff
that I've now provisioned there?
How do I make all the connections
between my front end and my middle tier
and my backend stuff?
How do I secure that with all my environment variables
and connection strings and monitoring is there?
I mean, then how do I just,
as a developer for me, I go, that's a great,
I wanna do that one time.
And then really I just wanna change my code
and check in my code, right?
I just kind of want it to run.
Yeah, that's for me.
That's I want to get to that point.
And I think even if I have a very few about components,
I've had meetings at companies that lasted three or four weeks
just talking about how are we going to set all this stuff up.
And the promise of the cloud is, hey, we can do this super fast.
And sometimes that's not so much true.
It's still very challenging.
Yeah, previously it was, I need a server in our data center to be provisioned and we got
to order it from Dell or wherever, wait for it to come.
And now it's really easy to go to the cloud and get it, but there's a lot of decisions
to make.
Is it, are we getting VMs?
And then it's my job to run shell scripts to set up NGINX and other things.
How do I, what's the topography of that?
How do I set that up for possibly,
what if we need to scale the web end or whatever?
Maybe we use Docker, maybe we use a platform as a service.
Right, that could be a long conversation
'cause ultimately it's somebody's responsibility.
If it doesn't work out right, they're going,
you know, you're gonna have to come in on the weekend
and fix it.
- Yeah.
- Or be at least responsible
to make sure it keeps running, right?
- Yeah, who do I call when it breaks?
- Yeah, exactly.
- For sure.
- Okay. - Yeah.
- So where are you seeing people
who you're talking to a lot going?
I mean, we've got on, I think on one far end,
like at the very far end,
like if you turn it to either negative one or 11,
depending on which side you consider this to be on,
bare metal, that's very rare these days,
but VMs and then Docker, Kubernetes,
platform as a service maybe,
maybe some more functions,
- Yeah, yeah. - Status functions
living there?
- Yeah, VMs.
- Actually, usually 100% alone, but.
- I think VMs are still very popular with some companies
who are just trying to get to the cloud, right?
It's very easy to kind of park your car
in somebody else's garage, right?
I think that's, okay, it's there.
- Yeah, it solves the biggest problem is
how do I get a reliable internet connection that's fast
and a server and network infrastructure
that I don't have to take care of?
- Yeah, I think those are still, it's a very viable option
for some folks.
The PaaS option is, again,
most companies can still run
a very sophisticated system on PaaS.
The one thing that I'm seeing right now
is that companies are wanting to,
and even small companies,
or even they hear Kubernetes,
they hear the promise of it,
it's scalability, it's responsive,
it's self repairing.
- Zero downtime.
- Yeah, no downtime, scale to zero,
like all the buzziness that comes with it.
And there's the memes that go around with
the tiny box on a tractor trailer.
Like I put my blog on Kubernetes.
You don't need it, but everybody wants it
and they're not sure why.
And then it's just cost prohibitive
in both manpower and management and cognitive load
and all of the things.
So there's that aspect of it.
And then we wanna find a place that is somewhere in between,
like what if I could have all the promise of Kubernetes,
but not have to learn Kubernetes, right?
And that's another thing that we were talking about
with things like Azure Container Apps,
and being able to have kind of the best of both worlds.
So--
- Right, and looking forward,
I don't wanna get into it yet,
but just to give people a preview,
is you guys have built CLI tools for Python
and some templates that kind of help people realize
that goal much more quickly than just,
all right, well, I guess I'm gonna set up
a Kubernetes cluster and nodes and all that kind of stuff.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, well, Docker's an interesting one, right?
To do Kubernetes, you gotta do Docker, right?
Or you gotta do containers at least.
There's the look how easy it is to run Docker.
I just, you know, get the image,
Docker run, off it goes,
unless you've got multiple tiers like many apps do, right?
I've got like a database layer,
maybe a background worker service for like emails
and other long running jobs.
And then all of a sudden coordination
that becomes really hard.
Yeah, I'd say that like, kind of where people start off with containerization is the Python
app itself.
So the Python code, whether that's in like a Whiskey application or using ASCII or something,
so that's like Django, Flask, FastAPI.
So like running that in a container is a great place to start.
But hardly ever is that the whole application.
And just Flask and Django alone, you need some sort of web app at the front end, like
a HTTP server, like Nginx or something.
And then you need the distribution to the WSGI.
So you need G-Unicorn or Uvicorn or Hypercorn or one of the other corns to connect between
the HTTP front end and the back.
And then once you've got that in place, you're like, "Okay, I need to configure my SSL certificates
and my DNS and stuff."
So you can do that, but I think people start to try and jam everything into one container.
And that's where it kind of gets...
Until it absolutely explodes.
You're like, all right, it just won't take it anymore, right?
But preserve that, just call run on it as long as you can, right?
Yeah.
That's what people I imagine are trying, yeah.
Yeah, and they're not supposed to be persistent.
Like, you know, containers are supposed to be immutable, but you can attach storage to
them which is where it gets tricky with databases because really running something like Postgres
in Docker you can but like it's not going to be particularly fast and you've got all
these extra challenges of if the image stops then what did you just lose.
So yeah I think containerization is great to get some of the Python environment complexities
like you know you've got a virtual environment to configure how was that installed what version
of Python.
So there's like all the bits of Python that are specific to getting a Python app running
consistently in one place and another.
So Docker is great for that and containerizing it is great for that.
But you often find yourself needing more than one container, which is where things start
to get complicated because then it's like, okay, I've got Redis in there, I want to run
Nginx in one container, I want to run my app in another.
So then how do you coordinate all that stuff?
- Right, and just how do I keep them connected, right?
Because in regular non-Docker world,
you just say my Redis connection string is this,
my database connection string is that,
and GenX says I route traffic over either this Unix socket
or through this HTTP, TCP socket,
but those are not stable.
as these Docker images come and go separately, right?
It gets tricky to connect them still.
- Yeah, there's the connection and the coordination of it.
And things like Docker compose, I think helps
with that there. - They do, yeah.
- Anthony mentioned a very valid point
around databases and containers.
I think when container development started
to kind of hockey stick a little bit,
I can't tell you how many times I answered the question,
should I run my database in a container?
And I was like, well, no.
And then it was like, well, why not?
And I was like, okay, here's the 15 reasons
why you should never do that.
- Yeah, but I go to my framework and write in the tutorial
that shows me how to run Postgres.
- Yeah, it was more like, what happens when it dies?
And they go, oh no, you mean I lose my data?
Yes, so don't do that.
But they serve very well for emulating
those big cloud managed services like Redis
and like Postgres and stuff like that,
they would typically run in a managed service,
instead of trying to have your entire world,
if you will, running on your local machine.
And then the other part of that is, how many is too many?
The microservices type of scenario of,
are you gonna run 200 individual containers
on your local machine, there is a cap
which where it's just too much.
- True, and we're even seeing some sort of swinging
of the pendulum, I guess you would call it,
back to articles like, give me my monolith back.
(laughs)
Life just got too hard and now,
my personal philosophy and I'm not suggesting
anyone else has to adopt it.
But when I think about these things,
like microservices versus monoliths,
and Docker and Kubernetes versus more simple things,
is I try to keep the complex parts
in the areas that I'm really good at,
and not push them to areas
that I have little experience with.
Like, I don't have a great DevOps background,
so I don't wanna push tons of the complexity to DevOps,
and keep the code simple,
'cause I can handle complex code,
but I can't handle complex DevOps.
Not right now, anyway, you know?
So for me, I kinda try to think of the balance
like what works for me, you know?
- I literally saw an example where somebody was saying,
"I manage all of my configuration in its own repo
and then that sucks into my DevOps pipeline."
I was like, "What is happening?"
I'm not even gonna talk about that.
You know, I'm sure that works for you.
But like you said, unless you really understand
that level of, you know, complexity.
- And if you specialize in that area,
then maybe that's exactly your secret sauce.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Don't like see someone else be doing that
and go, I should just do that
'cause it's working for them.
Maybe, but it's not a clear, I should just go that way.
I think it's the story.
- Yeah, and I think just like in a coding world,
like we can use things like interfaces
and polymorphism to the nth degree.
And for a simplistic programmer,
examples are going, why are you doing that?
'Cause I can just do it in a single file, thanks.
- Exactly.
Why do we have like dependency injection registries
when it's 50 lines long?
Like I really just don't, it's just not.
- It's hello world, man.
- Yeah, exactly, exactly.
It's just a manuscript script.
All right, so maybe that probably sets the stage
a little bit for the work that you two
have been doing in this project we're gonna talk about.
- Sure, sure.
- But one more predecessor, bit of history.
So one of the notable things about the Azure CLI
that is the CLI that everyone uses
when they're not working in the crazy,
bladed, very full management portal,
is built in Python, right?
- Yes, it is.
- Yes, but it's not that that actually
makes any difference for Python people.
It's just an interesting detail.
But that one is not focused as much on helping developers
get their code out as maybe helping IT, DevOps,
side of the world, DevOps on Azure, right?
- Right, I would say it's primary goal is referred to
as kind of a management, you know, ops plane functionality.
There is some capabilities in there for, you know,
pushing up, you know, simplistic, you know,
web applications, there's a web app up command
where I can kind of get, you know, a simple page up
and there's some static web apps capabilities
within that command.
But when you get into a full kind of job to be done
for a developer focused type of activity
that does not serve that type of persona.
- Sure.
All right, well, that brings us to your project.
Does your project have a name?
Just so people know, at the time of us talking about this,
this is not yet released,
but at the time people are going to be listening to it,
it will be released.
And so I'm kind of behind the scenes.
Maybe I can pull up your screen here
and we can start from there.
- We'll call it the lowercase Azure Developer CLI.
Because if it's uppercase,
I think that means it has a name.
So we'll say it's the lowercase Azure Developer CLI.
It's a standalone install,
which is command is AZD or AZD,
depending on where you're from.
- Don't go into LNA, Anthony.
- Yeah.
- And much of the other rest of the English speaking world.
- Yeah, everywhere but the US.
And its primary goal is to, you know,
make it easy for developers to get up and running
with both infrastructure and code, you know,
in Azure based on, at least initially,
we've got some out-of-the-box templates
to help establish kind of a getting started
kind of to-do app,
which at least in this particular example,
we have a to-do application that's got a Python fast API,
middle tier with a React JS front end.
Then the back end is supported with
Azure Cosmos DB with Mongo API.
>> The way it's going to go now is it will have the Mongo API,
but the Mongo API can be pointed at Cosmos DB,
your document database in Azure, is that correct?
>> Correct.
Let me ask another really quick question on that.
What's the interaction with the Mongo API?
Is there an ODM they're using?
Is it just PyMongo or rather motor or something like that?
>> Yeah. This app was built within ODM.
It was built with Beanie.
>> I love Beanie. I converted
the talkpython.fm and pythonbytes.fm over to it.
The really big one left for me is the training site,
which is massive, but it's getting some Beanie on it as well.
Yes, so for like a fully async ASCII app on fast API,
Beanies is a great option because it's like async from end to end
and it uses the async motor client for talking to Mongo.
So yes, super fast.
So that's what we've built for the to-do app,
which is like the demo application.
Yeah, so let me see if I can summarize this for folks
before we dive into more detail.
Basically, you guys have built this full stack-ish,
I guess full stack fits.
Full stack, fast API, document, database, JavaScript front end
app that sort of natively integrates in the ways
that you would expect it to in Azure.
Not just you can get it up there and get it to run,
but it's got different sections.
It uses a hosted database.
It integrates with CI/CD.
It has tests that plug into all those kinds of things,
and so on.
And so you can take that and sort of publish that
to Azure, but then of course you can just use it as a prototype to say, well,
we don't need to do, we need this other thing. So we'll swap out whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would say there's a, there's a couple of,
key key components. you know, we do all of our,
um, commands, again, it's command line based. We,
we're focused on a CLI first approach, to this,
for a couple of reasons.
A, it feels natural, you know,
for a lot of developers who kind of
are on a terminal constantly,
but also allows, you know,
if VS Code wants to build an experience on top of it,
if PyTorch wanted to build an experience on top of it,
they can, you know,
because they just call into those same hooks,
but also--
- Can we consume the CLI as a Python library?
- Well, that's a good question because we are also looking
at making this an extension inside of the core Azure CLI.
So we have actually wrapped this as a Python extension
for them.
Yeah.
- You can always sub process it around all day you want,
but.
- Yeah, it's written as in go.
- Okay, got it.
- Yeah, so it's a super lightweight.
It's like five and a half megs.
It's really small.
And once you have the binary, you have it.
That is one of the true beauties of Go.
- Yeah.
- So the other parts of it, like you mentioned,
if there's pieces of this, of the app,
if I back up one section here,
is that a lot of these samples that we come across,
they are a hello world, they're a very simplistic app.
And once you kind of go through the process,
when you're all done with it, you're like,
okay, this is great, I built my Hello World app, now what?
This is an opinionated structure
that allows you to swap out components, build upon it,
like I can take out the fast API
if I wanna use Flask or Django or whatever,
I can swap that out and do it.
Swap in Postgres if I'd like.
We have a infrastructure as code.
Right now we're using Bicep to do that,
and in the future we'll support things like
Terraform and other IAC providers.
That's just how we would swap out any of the infrastructure.
>> Right.
>> This particular sample,
we are targeting the Azure Container Apps as our target host,
but we do support PaaS,
and in the future also things like Kubernetes.
>> Yeah. Also, in terms of how Cloud-native is it?
If you don't scroll away, just come back really quick.
>> Okay. Sorry.
>> Yeah. In terms of just how Cloud-native it is,
how much does it reach into all those things?
Basically, four areas that are interesting.
Azure Container Apps.
Anthony, let me know what it sounds like.
You've got maybe an Nginx type of container,
And then you've got one that runs
UVA Corn, FastAPI, Workers.
- Yeah, so there's two containers in this example,
but like, yeah, Azure Container Apps
is more where you've got a collection of containers
that form an application,
like if you put that in a Docker Compose or something.
- Yeah.
- And then we kind of spin those up for you
and manage that for you,
so you don't have to think of or plan about
things like Kubernetes.
And it does SSL certificates and DNS
and everything else for you.
So you just go, okay, here's my web app.
Yeah, it does all that for you.
- Nice.
And then that hosted Cosmos DB.
- Yeah, so Cosmos DB is the document database on Azure.
And when you deploy it,
you can choose which API you want it to have.
You can pick the Cosmos API or you can pick a Mongo API.
So if you pick the Mongo API,
then you can use your existing Mongo tools and clients.
- Right, like Beanie and so on, yeah.
- Exactly, and that'll just work.
- Okay, and then monitoring, Azure Monitor,
this is like century type stuff, right?
Like is it up, is it running into errors?
Does it also do performance or just sort of error?
- Yeah, it will do all of your calls,
basically does tracing
between all of the different containers
or different components of the app.
You can look at telemetry between those calls,
how long is the call taking to the database?
You can look at the individual calls,
see where the errors are, trace those down to,
it was a get call on the to-dos collection
and actually look at those
and then introspect those inside of Azure Monitor.
So it's pretty detailed.
- Yeah, that's really nice.
I use that stuff all the time for my sites.
if I run into a problem.
Probably the first place I go is the actual log,
but if it's not super clear right away, I'm like,
all right, let's go to the monitoring
and see the local variables
and see what was going on for real.
And then the last one is secrets.
It is nice to just check in your API keys into GitHub,
but I don't understand why.
I heard you're not supposed to.
(laughing)
No, I understand why, you're not supposed to.
- Yeah, yeah.
The Key Vault is really great in the sense of, yeah,
this is kind of, it is the sauce, if you will,
where we keep the connection string for the Mongo database.
And then within the actual FastAPI app,
we can then connect to the Key Vault
to pull that out securely.
And then really, the nice thing about Key Vault
is if we need to change it, we can just change that one key
not have to kind of redeploy all the other apps, which is it was just great.
And from a local development story there,
you know, we use an environment variables to have that locally,
as opposed to passing it around or keeping it in a GitHub repo, of course.
Got it.
Yeah. So the app's kind of like built in a way that we said,
if we were building a production app, this is how we do it.
So like Shane said, the example app is opinionated because we've picked how we've configured
Python virtual environments and how I've done the testing and how the ASCII configuration
works and stuff like that.
But it's done in a way that it's, okay, this is a production style web app that we put
together and here's how you would deploy it using this new AZD CLI, so the new Azure Dev
And the other important thing is that you don't have to learn all these new concepts.
So it's not like we've said, okay, we've got our own configuration language that we're
going to throw at you and we've got our own, you know, like his hundred YAML files you
need to write or stuff like that.
It's try to keep it as native as possible.
So in the Python application, in the web app, then there's a Docker file and there's a pyproject.toml.
And if you want to run the Docker file locally, you can do that.
>> One of the opinions that you're choosing is like you use poetry, for example, right?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
So using poetry to manage the dependencies and make those, I guess, pinning dependencies
and making them between creating things that lock files.
But also if you work on the repo, the demo repo in VS Code, you can run and debug the
app locally as well.
So you don't have to figure out all the extra complexity.
So yeah, we kind of really thought, okay, let's write a production type application
using all the normal tools we would use, which is like Docker files and pyproject.toml requirements
files.
And then on the front end app, like, you know, it's in React.
So we've got our normal, you know, project and Node.js configuration and stuff.
All the NPM stuff.
>> Yeah. What would the developer need to describe that in a way
that then can be deployed up to the Cloud
and try to make that as simple as possible?
>> Sure.
>> Now, Shane, you spoke about Bicept as a way to get your things up.
Then I think it might be worth touching a little bit on the Bicep story.
>> Sure.
>> I mean, that's usually arm wrestling for me,
but I'm thinking, no.
Bicep is like Ansible or Terraform.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's one of these Azure native thing.
>> Yeah. Most Azure DevOps folks
would understand if we said,
"Hey, what's your ARM template look like?"
>> Azure Resource Manager template or something like that?
>> Management template, yeah.
>> Yeah, management, okay.
>> Lots of JSON,
lot of JSON, thousands of lines of JSON.
not easy to write, read, or kind of understand.
Bicep is a simpler format
and kind of self-describing almost.
So we use that right now to describe the resources
that we're going to provision and deploy our app to.
And in this particular case, in this template,
we have a number of templates, but in this template,
You know, we're putting together a container registry,
we're provisioning the container apps environments,
you know, the web apps, the Mongo database,
a lot of things that, you know,
if you did those individually,
it would take a lot of time to do so.
We're doing that all as a part of the, you know,
one single line command to do that.
So we're looking at implementing, you know,
other IAC providers like Terraform and Pulumi.
as well.
- Sure.
- You know, if that was makes you happy in your place,
you know, we're not hiding anything in what we're doing.
We're more of an orchestrator of the tools
instead of, you know, hiding some secret commands
to make all this happen.
So, you know, we like folks to kind of see
what the steps are to do it.
We're just gonna do the steps for you.
A single press of the button, press the easy button.
- Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
- Right.
- That's great.
So maybe Anthony, it'd be a good time for you
just to sort of talk us through some of the code
and the projects,
'cause I think that'll give people a sense
of what they're getting in terms of what this app looks like.
- Yeah, so the demo app that we put together
has got two main containers on the front end,
which is the React.js web app,
which is running under node 16,
and then a fast API,
API which does basically the middleware
between the front end and the database in the backend.
So the React JS one is an app that we wrote
to demonstrate a lot of functionality
and it's a to-do management app basically.
In terms of the fast API app--
- A canonical example that people may try.
(laughs)
- Yeah, exactly.
And the FastAPI one is the one I worked on with the team.
And that's really kind of looking at, okay,
if we did a modern Python application,
how would we write it and how would we deploy it?
And like I said, using poetry for requirements management
and stuff, but you could use whatever.
This is an example.
You don't have to use poetry,
I'm just showing the latest approach and the latest design with the application.
And then if you want to swap out or change bits of it, obviously you can do that.
So yeah, the project itself has got a PyProject.toml.
We're using FastAPI, Uvicorn, and then Beanie is the ODM.
And then--
Maybe just tell people real quick about just what Beanie is.
Just so that-- I've had Roman on the show before, but maybe not everyone knows.
Yeah, so if you're working with FastAPI, often you would describe models that the API reads
or writes or reflects using something like Pydantic.
So these are kind of like your data classes.
So Beanie basically allows you to write Pydantic style models, data classes, and then read
and write those from a Mongo database.
So this app is basically written in a way that the to-do list items, the tasks and stuff
like that are all reflected in a models file.
And then Beanie does the work of actually putting those in a database.
So we have a to-do list.
You can also do things like to-do items.
And each of those are a document, but they're written in a way that's very similar to, basically
identical to how you'd write a Pydantic model.
>> Slightly different in this class.
>> Yeah. Beanie also allows you to
lazily reflect Beanie models into Pydantic models.
So when you're working with FastAPI,
you can get all that nice functionality of using Pydantic.
But you get a lot of the performance of basically
trying to keep it as close to
the actual document in Mongo as possible.
So yeah, that's one big challenge
people have to overcome when they use stuff like Pydantic,
which is like, when do you put stuff into Pydantic bottles?
Like if you're reading a thousand rows from the database
and you're just gonna give that straight to the user,
there's no point in reflecting all that into Pydantic.
- Right, do all the conversions or whatever craziness.
Yeah.
- Yeah. - Yeah, okay, cool.
And this is a really good choice
because it matches the native MongoDB API
And it matches FastAPI on at least two levels.
Pydantic models are all about driving the data exchange
and the open API specification, which is fantastic.
But then also, Beanie is an async ODM,
so it allows you to fully leverage
the scalability of FastAPI.
I think it's a great choice.
- Yeah, it's a nice configuration,
and it's nice to run as well.
It's pretty responsive.
And then what we did on the app itself,
so in FastAPI, a couple of things that you have to do,
configuring cores, which is always fun.
And then we've put tracing in the app as well.
- I just ran into a cores error on a,
just an HTML file I opened.
I'm like, there is no server, I can't do cores,
please don't do this.
- Yeah, it becomes a bit of a challenge.
- It does.
- So on FastAPI, we've been doing a lot of work
over the last year on a project called OpenTelemetry.
It's a cross-company open source collaboration
to create basically a tracing and eventing framework
across multiple languages.
So you can use OpenTelemetry in Go, Rust, Python,
and basically in store--
- Does it connect into the thing that Shane
was talking about with Azure monitoring?
Yeah, it does.
And it also connects into a whole bunch of other monitoring tools.
So it's not the Azure monitoring library for Python, it is a agnostic library.
And it's got support for fast API.
It also has support for lots of other Python components.
So when you get the actual logging data, for example, if your app crashed, or somebody
made a request which gave a 500 error.
In Azure Monitor, you get the full stack trace and you get all the events that led up to
that as well.
So it's not just a log file, basically.
We're actually putting stuff in the Python app to get all the tracing information.
You can also use it to see performance regressions and slow pages or slow requests.
So in Azure Monitor, you can actually go and see what are the slowest requests I've had
to the application and what was the cause of that.
Yeah, and none of that stuff is proprietary.
It's all basically using OpenTelemetry,
which is open source,
but we have a special source is the exporter.
So we export OpenTelemetry events to Azure Monitor.
- Okay.
Yeah, this all looks super nice.
And the reason I wanted you to talk through this
is the project looks really nice.
It looks like an app that I would like to use
as a starting place for my final destination,
rather than just, oh cool, there's a main.py,
app.py is all just jammed in there,
and it feels like a good starting point, I think.
- Yeah, and then, like I mentioned,
debugging is set up already, so yeah,
in VS Code, you can either debug the React app
or the API, the FastAPI app,
and that'll run the whole application in--
- Does that run just on your local machine
or does that like fire up the containers?
- It just runs in your local machine.
So it would run fast API locally.
- I give that a thumbs up.
(laughs)
- Yeah.
- Right, so if you wanted to, for example,
debug the front end and it needs to get,
just go start the backend and then go debug the front end,
something like that, right?
- Yeah, just trying to keep it super simple.
- Yeah, that's good.
And then we also wrote tests for both components.
So yeah, the ToDo app comes with its own unit tests
for FastAPI and then for the front end as well.
And then all of that's set up in VS Code.
Well, it's all Py, they're all pytest tests.
So if you just wanna run pytest over it, you can.
But yeah, asynchronous FastAPI tests
are a bit fiddly to set up the first time,
So we've done all that as a demo as well.
- Yeah, this is great.
And one area that we haven't talked about yet, Shane,
when you deploy this,
and we can talk about how to do that in just a second,
is that it automatically sets up,
at least with one of the CLI commands,
CI/CD, continuous integration
and continuous delivery or deployment.
And these tests that Anthony is talking about,
these automatically just like start running
on check-ins for you, right?
that whole life cycle is connected here.
- Yeah, it's, Anthony, I don't know if you could
maybe scroll up and touch on the GitHub actions
that are included there.
So with every template that we're providing
out of the box, we include the GitHub actions
in order to run those.
So on the builds, we'll actually provision, deploy,
and we would include the test run as well
as a part of the container build,
if it's targeting containers or if it's paths,
then we would have the test command,
which is not in this particular one,
but it would be like azd test would be the command
that would run, it would run through all the testing
that are in there depending on the platform.
Gets us to that point, like I said, as a developer,
I just wanna check in code and know that my tests
are gonna run, if they pass, it deploys to the environment
that's specified and gets me to a happy place
as a developer, you know.
- Right, right, right.
You don't have to know about this stuff.
And you know, to some degree that might not be 100% true.
Right, like if your code is running somewhere,
you need to have some level of understanding
even if you don't have to directly touch it.
- Yeah.
- But I think one of the big benefits is
for a lot of people, you can start running there
and you can kind of grow into a better,
deeper understanding, right?
you don't have to like swallow the whole,
I learned all of the Linux configuration all in one shot
just to get it to even start, you know?
- Yeah, I think that's important to mention
a couple of times is that even though we have a command,
like in order to get this whole architecture
that Anthony just walked through,
if I wanted to get this into Azure,
I would just run azd up and then pass in
the name of the template repo, you know?
And it would then deploy all of that and run it for me.
So if--
- Yeah, yeah, let's talk about like, we've got the app.
Anthony talked about running and developing it locally.
- Right. - Now what?
Like I actually wanna get it up and running.
I want CI, CD, I want all the things.
- Yeah, so if I started from nothing,
if I was just opened up, you know, VS code
or my command line or whatever I'm in in a terminal,
I could just run azd up and then pass in a dash dash template
and in this particular case,
it would be like to do dash Python, ACA dash Mongo, right?
And that would clone that repo.
It would then start to provision those resources on Azure,
you know, based on your login to Azure
and then use the Bicep infrastructure definitions
to create that target host,
if it's PaaS or Azure Container apps,
and then build and deploy, you know,
the API at the front end,
and then make all those connections and so on
as we walk through how that's all put together.
- Right, and so it's worth thinking about
that those Bicep DevOps commands and configuration,
if you want a slight variation of what this gives you,
you changed the Bicept and then AZD up
just uses your slight variation, right?
- Well, yeah, exactly.
And one of the services that is very common to use
in our apps nowadays is Redis.
Like if I wanna add Redis and make a couple of changes,
I could just put that definition in my Bicep code,
add in the environment variables that are necessary
to expose in my app and call up.
And then we would then push them into Key Vault,
provision the service, redeploy the code,
and hopefully if we typed it all right,
it would happen right.
So that would be the way to do that for sure.
And if I run the AZD pipeline command
and help that establish my GitHub repo
and kick off those workflows in the GitHub actions,
at that point I could just make those changes
to the Bicep files and check those in,
and then the workflow would kick off that process for me.
- That's cool.
Can I start from code and then do this
or do I do the template to create the code
and the GitHub repo?
Like if I already have a GitHub repo, for example.
- Yeah, that's a good question.
We have some documentation and walkthroughs
on how to what we call Devify your project.
And basically it will walk you through
how to set up that on the infra folder,
that infra folder will contain the Bicep definitions.
We've got an Azure.yaml file which will hold a couple of
the naming structures that we have as
an opinionated way to name things,
and then also set up that target host.
Again, it's that PaaS or is it
App Service or is it Container Apps or AKS?
A little bit of setup,
and then you can start using AZD up or AZD deploy.
if you just want to deploy the app to then take your code
and push it onto the platform.
- Sure, okay.
Yeah, that sounds really good.
What about the, talk about the continuous delivery part.
So I've got this created, I've got a GitHub repo,
it's up and running.
How do I associate a domain name, by the way, first?
- Well, the domain name, we would push it onto the,
obviously onto Azure and then create that.
>> Your app, GUID.Azure or something like that.
>> Yeah. Azurewebsites.net/.
Then that would be part of
that configuration inside of Azure portal or
through the management plane where you'd actually go through of
associating your domain name with whatever your entry point is.
In this case, it's going to be the React front end.
So I would go into that particular app service
and set that up with your DNS and such there.
- You probably want to, you probably want the API,
if you wanna surface an API out of fast API.
- Yeah.
- And then you want the React front end,
obviously for most people.
- Yeah, and you could add,
if you wanna get into things like that,
one of the pieces you could add is things like
Azure Front Door or, you know, API management
or something like that in front of those components too.
- Okay, well that step is like a separate step.
You go in there and you configure it
- Because how often do you really wanna have a thing
messing with your DNS?
- Yeah.
- As little as possible, I would say.
- The one time shot, that's all I wanna do.
- Yeah, please wait 24 to 48 hours for this to propagate.
Like no.
- You know, it's funny, I haven't had a DNS,
knock wood, I haven't had a DNS change take longer
than a few minutes nowadays, but.
- Yeah, it is a lot better than it used to be.
- Yeah.
- I've done it, I just changed all of our email
and stuff around and there's been a lot of MX records
and the like verification keys and yeah, it's.
- No matter how many times you do it,
you're sure you did it wrong.
- Yep, that's for sure.
Yeah, so back to my original train of thought,
I was like, let's just sort of kind of wrap this up
with the continuous delivery.
I've got the app up, now we know how to get the domain
associated with it and whatnot,
presumably go and buy a domain, wherever you buy domains.
pointed at it, let it map over,
but then I make some changes and I get push a thing.
What happens now?
- Yeah, if you set up your CI/CD pipeline,
it would then run through that same process.
And we showed it in the GitHub actions here
and talk through it.
It would run your test, do the deployments.
We do support multiple environments.
So we can help set up a, like a dev or a QA environment
as well, other than just a--
like a staging sort of thing that people can click on.
- Yeah, and then you can set up some processes,
you know, within Azure, like,
hey, this passes, let me do an IP switch
or however you manage that in the platform
based on your scenario.
But yeah, we get to that point
where we're just checking in code.
- Okay, and do you,
what's the branching structure look like?
If I just push domain, is that gonna go live
and I gotta work on a dev branch to not do that
or is there like a prod branch or?
- Yeah, you can set that up in your GitHub Action.
- Okay.
- Right now we have, the template is just going to work.
- If I don't do anything, what happens?
- It's main branch.
- Main branch goes straight to production.
I love it.
Y'all are just carefree.
Let's just go for it.
- That's right.
Do a lot.
- The users are the testers, let's go.
- Do a lot.
- No, okay, got it.
So you would just tweak your GitHub Action,
YAML file and change your branch name or something?
- Yeah, you can set some conditionals in the GitHub Action
based on the environments that are coming in.
- Cool.
Anthony, what were you gonna say?
- Yeah, it assumes a single branch strategy,
but I mean, or you can tell it to generate
the template for you and you can put that template wherever.
It's pretty easy nowadays to say with GitHub,
you know, which branch and stuff this should apply for,
or this pipeline should only run on pull requests,
or, I mean, my recommendation to people
that you keep main highly protected.
You don't let people push directly to main and it can only be merged into and then it
has to be reviewed and stuff.
I think keeping a clean main branch is a good strategy anyway.
And then you can have a feature branch or release branch separately to that.
So probably the main branch would be your dev, your sort of live dev environment.
And then maybe you want a feature branch or a release,
a main release branch separately to that,
but using the same templates.
So all you're really changing is the targeted environment names.
- Yeah, okay.
That sounds like good advice.
- Yeah.
- All right, guys.
Well, we're getting a little short on time now.
This looks like a really interesting project.
I love the technical choices on the backend,
you know, that you've made to sort of
create building blocks for people.
Yeah, I guess we could wrap it up real quickly with,
we've got this more DevOps management IT like CLI
that people have used previously.
If they're doing Python stuff
and they kind of want this container hosted world,
this is probably the recommended way, at least from you all.
- Yeah, definitely.
- Yeah, okay, fantastic.
All right, anything else you wanna add about this
before we call it a show?
- No, nothing from my side.
I think Shane's frozen.
- Oh no, Shane is frozen.
I thought he was just being getting tired
'cause it's late where he is, but no.
All right, well, Anthony,
I'm sure this is not gonna come as a big surprise
given all of your current work and stuff,
but I'll ask you the final two questions first
and then we'll hopefully get Shane back shortly.
Good Arisa Pylon code?
What editor are you using these days still?
- Definitely VS Code.
- But tell people about the font.
- Comic Sans Mono.
So it's a Comic Sans font, but in Mono space.
- Awesome, is it a nerd font?
- There is, I think there's a nerd font flavor of it.
I haven't configured my terminal
to use Comic Mono yet because I think that'd be going a bit far.
It actually looks better than you think.
>> It looks way better than you would think Comic Sans looks.
It looks, I would totally get down to it.
>> It's really readable.
>> I had to make a DNS joke.
>> You did. You took yourself offline, but you're back.
Just in time to answer the question,
have you write some Python code?
What editor are you using these days?
>> I use VS Code.
>> Right on.
I don't know I use VS code for taking notes.
I mean it's just.
No, it's it's marked down or if it's in
Mark everything's in Markdown or whatever code.
So all my notes these days are at Markdown.
If not like a Google Doc,
so Doc something like that.
It's definitely in Markdown.
It was like I think it was like three years ago.
I was in a meeting with Chris Diaz,
who's the kind of owner of VS code.
And he pulled up his screen and he
started taking notes and VS code.
I was like I'm an idiot.
I should be doing that.
Yes, just go to the bottom right, change that little language.
So yeah, that's right.
Absolutely. Yeah.
All right. Notepad is dead to me.
Yeah. Yeah.
Problem I have at the moment is I've probably got too many extensions.
I just realized this morning I have 99 now.
So yeah, you may be an outlier.
Nearly at three figures.
It might not be room in the UI to just display that number.
It might stop at two digits.
Just hilarious. Yeah.
I didn't even I tell you, I didn't even the first bit of
tear some irony, the first time I ever wrote Python was, it
feels like 100 years ago, but was actually to write a sublime
add in to enable the dotnet intellisense, or net core. So I
was on the Omni sharp team to write the add ins for that. So
Completely like not python related, but I was using python to enable.net and sublime
Wow back in the day, so
That's cool. Yeah, so very meta using the editor to write the editor, right?
All right, and then notable pypi package
Anything you want to give a shout out to I mean, we've definitely mentioned a bunch of fun ones, but
Yeah, i'd say beanie. Um
and perfluent which is one of mine, but um
- Yeah, check out Perflint if you want to
and check out Beanie as well.
It's a really nice approach to document databases
in asynchronous front-end.
- Yeah, especially if you're doing fast API.
- And I was gonna say, I used to struggle
with document databases and Pydantic
and Beanie made my life a whole lot better.
- Yeah, yeah.
I think we all concur, Beanie.
Definitely a good one.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, absolutely.
All right, guys, final call to action.
People wanna get started with this.
Once it's out, what do they do?
When they're listening to this, it'll be out.
So about to confuse folks.
- I've got a quick,
I've got a link that folks can go and check this out.
It'll obviously be in the show notes.
It's just a short link.
It's an aka.ms and it's try-aca-python.
- Right on.
- And they can see the project template,
sign up for our preview, check out the repos, et cetera.
- Cool.
Yeah, it looks like a neat project.
And, you know, definitely people are doing Azure.
It's like supercharges you into a ton of best practices.
- Yeah, yeah, for sure.
- Cool, well, nice work
and thanks for joining me to talk about it.
- Yeah, appreciate the time, thanks.
- Yeah, you bet, bye.
- Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]